docs: Add parquet_column_metadata documentation and update parquet_rowgroup_metadata to include ordinal column (#3845)
GlareDB/glaredb: docs/extensions/parquet.md

| num_rows          | Number of rows in the row group.             |
| num_columns       | Number of columns in the row group.          |
| uncompressed_size | Uncompressed size of the row group in bytes. |

> | ordinal           | Zero-based ordinal of the row group.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ordinal           | Zero-based ordinal of the row group within the file.         |
```

### `parquet_column_metadata`

Returns metadata for each column in each row group within a Parquet file.

| Column                  | Description                                        |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| filename                | Name of the file being queried.                    |

> | rowgroup_ordinal        | Zero-based ordinal of the row group.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| rowgroup_ordinal        | Zero-based ordinal of the row group within the file.               |
```

| column_ordinal          | Zero-based ordinal of the column within the row group. |
| physical_type           | Physical storage type of the column (e.g., INT32, BYTE_ARRAY). |
| max_definition_level    | Maximum definition level for the column.           |
| max_repetition_level    | Maximum repetition level for the column.           |
| file_offset             | Byte offset of the column chunk in the file.       |
| num_values              | Number of values stored in the column chunk.       |
| total_compressed_size   | Compressed size of the column chunk in bytes.      |
| total_uncompressed_size | Uncompressed size of the column chunk in bytes.    |

> | data_page_offset        | Byte offset of the data page within the column chunk. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| data_page_offset        | Byte offset from beginning of file to first data page. |
```
